[Durable Objects] Initial DO JS RPC docs (#13765)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_durable_objects_pricing.md

Reviewer: Just FYI, @elithrar did a slightly different version here: https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/13235/files

|          | Paid plan                                         |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| Requests               | 1 million, + $0.15/million<br> Includes HTTP requests, RPC sessions, WebSocket messages<sup>2</sup>, and alarm invocations                      |
| Duration<sup>3</sup>                    | 400,000 GB-s, + $12.50/million GB-s<sup>4,5</sup> |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> <sup>1</sup> A [RPC session](/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/lifecycle/) represents a billed request. Every [RPC method call](/durable-objects/best-practices/create-durable-object-stubs-and-send-requests/#call-rpc-methods) on a [Durable Objects stub](/durable-objects/best-practices/create-durable-object-stubs-and-send-requests/#get-a-durable-object-stub) is its own RPC session and therefore a single billed request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> Each [RPC session](/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/lifecycle/) is billed as one request to your Durable Object. Every [RPC method call](/durable-objects/best-practices/create-durable-object-stubs-and-send-requests/#call-rpc-methods) on a [Durable Objects stub](/durable-objects/best-practices/create-durable-object-stubs-and-send-requests/#get-a-durable-object-stub) is its own RPC session and therefore a single billed request.
```

Think that this needs to be tweaked a bit based on content below?

Since only that top-level calls to create new stubs are billed as requests?

i.e.:

```
using foo = await env.MY_DO.bar(); // billed as a request
await foo.baz(); // treated as part of the same session, not billed
```

^ where both of these calls would be considered calls on a stub from a Durable Object?

I wonder if one way to approach would be something like:

"Every time you call a public class method of your Durable Object via RPC, this creates a session, and each session is billed as one request"

@kentonv for correctness ^ — accurate?

Author: > ^ where both of these calls would be considered calls on a stub from a Durable Object?

but the second line `await foo.baz()` is not a call on the Durable Object stub itself. That's the difference to highlight.

> RPC method calls can return objects (stubs) extending [`RpcTarget`](/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/lifecycle/#lifetimes-memory-and-resource-management) and invoke calls on those stubs. Subsequent calls on the returned stub are part of the same RPC session and are not billed as separate requests.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is where to put code example like:

```suggestion
RPC method calls can return objects (stubs) extending [`RpcTarget`](/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/lifecycle/#lifetimes-memory-and-resource-management) and invoke calls on those stubs. Subsequent calls on the returned stub are part of the same RPC session and are not billed as separate requests. For example:

```js
using foo = await env.MY_DO.bar(); // billed as a request
await foo.baz(); // treated as part of the same session, not billed as a request
```
```

Author: +1 code example, proposed edits:

```js
let durableObjectStub = OBJECT_NAMESPACE.get(id); // retrieve Durable Object stub
using foo = await durableObjectStub.bar(); // billed as a request
await foo.baz(); // treated as part of the same RPC session created by calling bar(), not billed as a request

Reviewer 2: ship it!

|          | Paid plan                                         |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP requests<sup>1</sup>               | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |
| RPC methods                             | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |
| Establish WebSocket connection requests | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |
| Incoming WebSocket messages             | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |
| Alarm invocations                       | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |
| Duration<sup>2</sup>                    | 400,000 GB-s, + $12.50/million GB-s<sup>3,4</sup> |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> <sup>1</sup> Requests include all incoming HTTP requests, RPC method calls, WebSocket messages, and alarm invocations. A request is needed to create a WebSocket connection. There is no charge for outgoing WebSocket messages, nor for incoming [WebSocket protocol pings](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455#section-5.5.2). Billing-only applies a 20:1 ratio to incoming WebSocket messages to factor in smaller messages for real-time communication. For example, 100 WebSocket incoming messages would be charged as 5 requests for billing purposes. The 20:1 ratio does not affect Durable Object metrics and analytics, which reflect actual usage.

Reviewer: Technically, I think it's an RPC _session_ that we'll bill for, rather than method calls.

Reviewer: Also, that "Billing-only applies..." sentence could be clarified a bit, imo. Even just changing "Billing-only" to "For the consideration of billing, we..." makes it much more readable.

|          | Paid plan                                         |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| HTTP requests<sup>1</sup>               | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |

> | RPC methods                             | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |

Author: @irvinebroque Are developers familiar with RPC sessions? Worried developers will struggle to understand RPC sessions in context of DO request billing. For the common case, calling a RPC method on a DO stub is 1 billed request.

I know there's a more advanced use case with `RpcTarget` where subsequent calls on a RPC session are not counted as billed invocations.

> | RPC methods                             | 1 million, + $0.15/million                        |

Author: took another stab at explain this on the DO pricing page
